Improve the artifact machinery (#1035)
JuliaGPU/AMDGPU.jl: docs/src/install_tips.md

the default artifact-based setup.

### Selecting the provider without loading AMDGPU.jl

`local` is a compile-time preference, and it also gates whether the artifact is *resolved* at all, so in CI or in a fresh depot it has to be set before `Pkg.instantiate()` rather than through `AMDGPU.set_rocm_version!` (which needs AMDGPU.jl loaded first). Write it directly against `ROCm_Runtime`'s UUID:

```julia
using Preferences
set_preferences!(Base.UUID("3129f4d2-de71-4ff3-9833-76037e3ea355"), "local" => "true"; force=true)
```

`AMDGPU.local_rocm` reports which provider was actually selected. Asserting on it is worthwhile in CI, so that a change of default cannot silently swap the ROCm underneath a job.

### When no artifact matches

The artifact is chosen from the GPU architectures detected on the host, which on Linux are read from the `/sys/class/kfd/kfd/topology` nodes. If nothing is detected — a container without KFD passthrough, a login node, or a host where the `amdgpu` driver is not loaded — or if the detected architecture is not one of the shipped bundles, then no artifact is downloaded and AMDGPU.jl reports its ROCm components as unavailable.

> This is not a fallback: an existing system-wide ROCm is only picked up after explicitly opting in with the `local` preference above. The bundles currently shipped cover `gfx908`, `gfx90a`, `gfx94x` and `gfx950` for Instinct, and `gfx101x`, `gfx103x`, `gfx110x`, `gfx1150` through `gfx1153` and `gfx120x` for Radeon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to limitations of the artifact system, there is no fallback path. An existing system-wide ROCm is only picked up after explicitly opting in with the `local` preference above. The bundles currently shipped cover `gfx908`, `gfx90a`, `gfx94x` and `gfx950` for Instinct (Linux only), and `gfx101x`, `gfx103x`, `gfx110x`, `gfx1150` through `gfx1153` and `gfx120x` for Radeon.
```

Though I wonder whether there still might be a way to implement a fallback. Can always be added later though

Author: Good point. I'll check that. Also, I may trim the explicit GPU names to not get ourselves locked into docs that deprecate too quickly.

Author: Note, the artifact system is not what prevents a fallback. The provider is chosen at load time by a compile-time preference that decides which package gets using'd in src/libs.jl, so by the time resolution fails there is nothing to fall back to; a fallback would need both packages loaded and the choice deferred to runtime.

Also, I now read the arch list from Artifacts.toml which is the source of truth. It also derives the Linux-only fact from the data. Seems more robust.
